WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT ARE YOU ALL
STARING AT?
GET LOST!!!
GUESS IT'S TRUE...
TV IS BAD
FOR YOUR HEALTH!
YEAH!
[AMUSED CHUCKLE]
PLEASE! DON PIERO!
I PROMISE TO PAY BACK
THE MONEY.
I JUST NEED MORE TIME!
HEY, LOOK WHAT
I FOUND HERE...
SOME DUEL CARDS.
OH.
HEY, THOSE ARE MINE!
WERE YOURS.
HERE, BOSS.
MMM.
THESE AREN'T ANY GOOD.
OF COURSE, THEN AGAIN...
WHEN YOU OWE PIERO...
I OWN YOU!
AND EVERYTHING
IN YOUR POSSESSION!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
♪ ♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Marco: YUSEI?!
HUH?
HEY THERE.
HAVE YOU GOT ANYTHING
FOR ME TO RECYCLE TODAY?
MARCO...
IT'S GOOD TO SEE
YOU AGAIN, PAL.
HOW'VE THINGS BEEN
WITH YOU?
OH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
BUSY AS EVER,
BUT I'M NOT COMPLAINING,
THAT'S THE WAY I LIKE IT!
IN FACT, I'VE GOT
NINE MORE STOPS TODAY!
THEN I WON'T
KEEP YOU.
I'LL GET YOU
WHAT WE HAVE.
AH...
Marco:
THANKS, YUSEI!
SEE YA!
TAKE CARE, MARCO.
AHH...
HEY, CROW.
HUH?
OH, WHAT'S UP?
HEY, THAT WASN'T
A BILL COLLECTOR
AT THE DOOR WAS IT?
I SWEAR, THOSE GUYS
JUST DON'T EVER LET UP!
WHO KNEW IT WOULD BE
SO HARD TO MAKE A LIVING
AND TRAIN
FOR THE GRAND PRIX?
COME ON, WE'RE
MAKING ENDS MEET.
YEAH, I GUESS SO, DUDE.
I'M JUST GLAD JACK'S FINALLY
OUT PULLING HIS WEIGHT.
UH, I THINK YOU MEAN
THROWING HIS WEIGHT.
UH, THROWING HIS WEIGHT?
Jack: FASTER! FASTER!
IT'S GOING TO GET COLD!
SORRY FOR THE WAIT,
MR. ATLAS.
MMM. THE SWEET AROMA
OF BLUE EYES ROAST.
NOTHING BETTER!
OH.
HUH?
AH, EXCUSE ME,
MR. ATLAS. AH!
AW, NO ONE COULD
LOVE HIM LIKE I DO.
Carly: JACKIE!
AH!
HEY, JACK!
WHAT'S UP?
OH! OH, RIGHT,
EXCEPT FOR MAYBE HER.
YES, CARLY?
IS THERE SOMETHING
I CAN HELP YOU WITH?
AS A MATTER OF FACT
THERE IS.
THE DUEL STATUE.
DUEL STATUE?
DON'T TELL ME YOU
HAVEN'T HEARD ABOUT IT!
I'M DOING AN EXCLUSIVE STORY
ON IT FOR THE NEWSPAPER.
SEE, YOU MAKE A WISH,
GIVE AN OFFERING,
THEN YOUR DREAMS
COME TRUE!
LOOK, SEE!
GRR!
SO WHADAYA THINK?
HMM. PURE BUNK.
Crow: JACK?!
OH, HEY THERE, CROW.
YOU CARE TO JOIN US
FOR SOME COFFEE?
YOU CARE ABOUT
MAKING RENT?!
HIYA, CROW!
HI.
OH...
YOU REALLY NEED
TO RELAX, CROW.
CAN'T I ENJOY A SIMPLE CUP
OF BLUE-EYES COFFEE.
BLUE-EYES
COFFEE?
BUT...
THAT...
THAT'S THIRTY BUCKS!
YES, BUT IT MAKES YOU FEEL
LIKE A MILLION.
BY THE WAY,
I'M A LITTLE LIGHT TODAY.
DO YOU MIND PICKING UP THE TAB
FOR THIS ONE, BUDDY?
RARH!
AH!
WHAT GIVES?!
YOU FORGET YOUR WALLET?
NO, I DIDN'T FORGET
MY WALLET!
I FORGOT WHAT A
DIM-WITTED, THICK-HEADED
IMBECILE YOU ARE!
YOU'RE ALL WORKED UP.
LET ME ORDER YOU A COFFEE
AND WE CAN--
NO!
DON'T YOU SEE?
THAT'S THE
WHOLE POINT, JACK!
WE CAN'T AFFORD
COFFEE!
WE CAN BARELY AFFORD
THE VERY BASICS LIKE
FOOD AND RENT!
BOTTOM LINE IS
YOU NEED TO START
EARNING YOUR KEEP
LIKE ME AND YUSEI!
LOOK, I WOULD LOVE TO,
CROW....
BUT JOBS AREN'T MY THING.
I MEAN, THEY'RE JUST
SO MUCH WORK, YOU KNOW?
YEAH, I KNOW!
THAT'S WHY THEY'RE
CALLED WORK!
OOH!
HOW 'BOUT A JOB
AS YOUR BOSS?
HOW ABOUT NO!
AH! OH!
I'D HIRE JACK ANY DAY.
GOOD MORNING.
HERE FOR TODAY'S RECYCLABLES!
OH, HEY, MARCO!
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YA.
ALWAYS RIGHT ON TIME!
HEY, THAT'S PART
OF THE JOB, RIGHT?
Man: HERE'S
THIS WEEK'S PAY.
Marco: THANKS!
BOY, YOU COULD REALLY LEARN
A THING OR TWO FROM MARCO.
THAT KID WORKS ODD JOBS DAY
AND NIGHT TO HELP TAKE CARE
OF HIS FAMILY.
THE ONLY THING YOU WORK ON
LATELY IS YOUR HAIR!
HRMPH! WELL, IT IS
A FULL TIME JOB.
SPEAKING OF,
DO YOU HAVE ANYMORE GEL?
I KNOW YOU STILL THINK
YOU'RE SOME KINDA
BIG SHOT.
THE MASTER OF FASTER,
THE SULTAN OF SPEED,
ALL THAT GUFF.
WELL, THINK AGAIN!
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU DID ANYTHING
OF USE?!
AH! CROW, TAKE IT BACK!
YOU'VE HURT HIS FEELINGS!
SURE, I'LL TAKE IT BACK
WHEN HE PROVES ME WRONG.
THE GAUNTLET HAS
BEEN THROWN, JACK.
YA THINK YOU'RE UP
TO THE CHALLENGE?
CHALLENGE?
YOU CALL THIS A CHALLENGE, MATE?
I'LL LAND SO MANY JOBS
YOUR HEAD WILL SPIN!
WAIT, JACK!
OH, BOY.
LOOK! IS JACK ATLAS NOT THE
FINEST SUSHI CHEF IN THE LAND?!
[MOANS]
Man: WE'RE A PIZZA JOINT,
YA NUT!
DELIVERY!
AH!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I ORDERED THE
KUNG-POW CHICKEN
WITH A SIDE
OF SOUP!
YOU NINCOMPOOP!
THAT'S OUR STORE DELIVERY,
NOT YOUR LUNCH!
BEAT IT!
WHATEVER.
OH...
WHAT'S WITH THIS HOLE
IN MY SHIRT?!
WHAT, YOU SAID GET
RID OF THE STAIN,
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I DID.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
I'M FIRED?
UH!
PEOPLE ARE SO STRANGE.
AW, MY POOR JACK...
IF HE CAN'T PROVE HIS WORTH,
THE GUYS MAY NOT THINK
HE'S WORTH KEEPING AROUND!
♪ ♪
HEY, CROW,
HAVE YOU SEEN JACK ANYWHERE?
SURE HAVEN'T.
MUST BE OUT WORKIN'
THE LATE SHIFT!
HMM.
FINE. SO MAYBE WORKING
ISN'T EXACTLY MY THING.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN CROW'S
RIGHT AND I'M USELESS!
[SNIFFING]
MY, SOMETHING
SURE SMELLS GOOD.
THAT'S RIGHT, JACK.
I'VE GOT WHAT YA NEED!
CAN'T FIND WORK
ON AN EMPTY STOMACH!
HUH?
HUH? YES!
HE'S COMING DOWN!
I'LL HELP JACK FIND A JOB
AND THEN HE'LL LOVE ME!
HUH?
WHERE COULD HE BE HEADED?
AH! THE DUEL STATUE?!
BUT WHY?
IS HE PLANNING TO MAKE A WISH?
WAIT JUST A MINUTE...
I KNOW WHAT HE'S UP TO!
HE'S PLANNING TO STEAL THE
OFFERINGS TO MAKE SOME DOUGH!
NO, JACK, DON'T--
OOF!
QUICK THIS WAY!
CAN YOU BE QUIET?
MM-HMM. AH.
[thinking] WELL,
THAT'S WEIRD, HE DOESN'T
SEEM SURPRISED TO SEE ME.
IN FACT, HE SEEMS KIND OF
DISTRACTED AND NERVOUS.
WAIT A SEC--
HE WASN'T PLANNING TO ROB
THE STATUE...
HE WAS PLANNING
TO PROPOSE!
MMM...
[KISSING]
YOO-HOO,
MY SWEET LOVE!
I'M RIGHT HERE AND READY!
UH...
HEY, IT'S THAT KID.
THE ONE FROM
THE COFFEE SHOP, YEAH?
YEAH.
HE SHOULDN'T BE OUT
ALONE THIS LATE.
WHAT'S HE DOING?
PLEASE, DUEL STATUE,
I DON'T HAVE ANY MONEY...
BUT STILL, I BEG YOU...
TAKE MY DECK AND LET US
BE FREE OF PIERO.
PIERO?
WHAT'S A PIERO?
NOT WHAT, WHO.
HE'S AN UNDERWORLD CRIME BOSS
WHO PREYS ON THE WEAK.
HE'LL LOAN SOMEONE
A LITTLE MONEY AND MAKE
THEM SIGN A CONTRACT,
BUT THE FINE PRINT
ON IT SAYS
THAT UNTIL HE'S PAID BACK
IN FULL...
HE CAN TAKE EVERYTHING
THEY OWN.
BIG BRO!
HUH? MIKEY?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, MARCO?
NOTHING, LITTLE BRO.
COME ON,
LET'S JUST GO HOME.
DON'T LIE TO ME!
I SEE THAT DECK
SITTING BEHIND YOU!
UH...
AND I RECOGNIZE IT,
IT'S YOURS,
AND I'M NOT GONNA
LET YOU TOSS IT AWAY!
NOT WHEN YA WANNA BE
A DUELIST!
HUH?
I HEAR YA, MIKEY,
BUT THERE ARE SOME THINGS
THAT ARE MORE IMPORTANT
THAN WHAT I WANT,
THAN MY DUMB DREAMS.
AND GETTING OUT FROM UNDER
PIERO'S THUMB IS ONE
OF THOSE THINGS.
WE CAN'T KEEP LIVING
THIS WAY!
HE'S TAKEN EVERYTHING
OUR FAMILY HAS!
ALL OUR MONEY, ALL OUR STUFF,
AND STILL, HE WANTS MORE!
HUH?
WHICH IS WHY I'M GONNA
WISH ON THIS DECK
AND PROVE PIERO WRONG.
THESE CARDS ARE USELESS!
HA!
OH!
AH!
BIG BRO?
COME ON, MIKEY.
LET'S GET HOME SO MOM
DOESN'T WORRY ABOUT US.
MMM.
THAT PIERO GUY
SURE IS A WORM.
I ONLY WISH THERE
WAS SOMETHING WE COULD
DO TO HELP THOSE TWO.
WELL, MAYBE THERE IS,
CARLY.
WAIT, JACK, YOU'RE
NOT SUGGESTING...
WAIT, WHAT ARE
YOU SUGGESTING?
A DUEL.
WAIT, JACK, YOU CAN'T
TAKE THOSE,
THEY'RE MARCO'S
OFFERING...
FOR HIS WISH.
[thinking]
AND I PLAN ON USING THESE
TO GRANT THAT WISH.
♪ ♪
DON'T YOU JUST LOVE
HOW THAT KID MARCO
GROVELS?
YEAH, PLEASE, DON PIERO,
DON'T TAKE ALL OUR MONEY,
THEN I CAN'T BUY
MY SICK MOM HER MEDICINE!
[MEAN LAUGHTER]
HUH?
YOU GOTTA LOTTA NERVE!
I'M GUESSING THAT
YOU'RE DON PIERO?
WHY, YES, I AM, AND UNLESS I'M
MISTAKEN, YOU'RE JACK ATLAS!
THE MASTER OF FASTER!
THE MASTER
OF WHA?
OF PLASTER?
UH...
GRR...
YOU'LL HAVE TO EXCUSE THEM,
JACK,
THESE KIDS TODAY,
THEY SIMPLY DON'T KNOW
THE OLD-TIMER DUELISTS
LIKE THEY REALLY OUGHT TO.
I'M NOT HERE FOR THEM.
I'M HERE FOR YOU, PIERO.
AND THOSE CONTRACTS.
THE CONTRACTS?
I WANT THEM.
AND I'M PREPARED TO DUEL
FOR THEM.
SO ARE YOU MAN ENOUGH?
OR ARE YA GONNA HIDE
BEHIND YOUR GOONS?!
I SAY HIDE!
DON PIERO IS AFRAID
OF NO DUELIST
ON ALL
OF PLANET EARTH!
BUT THOSE CONTRACTS ARE WORTH
QUITE A BIT TO ME...
IF I'M GOING TO PUT ALL OF THEM
ON THE LINE,
THEN I THINK IT'S ONLY FAIR
THAT YOU...
PUT UP SOMETHING
THAT'S OF EQUAL WORTH!
LET'S SEE, SOMETHING LIKE,
OH, I DON'T KNOW...
MAYBE ONE OF YOUR DUEL CARDS,
MAYBE ONE OF YOUR
MOST PRIZED DUEL CARDS,
MAYBE YOUR RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
MY RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND?!
AND LET'S ADD
YOUR DUEL RUNNER AS WELL,
JUST FOR GOOD MEASURE.
IF YOU'RE NOT MAN ENOUGH,
I UNDERSTAND COMPLETELY.
YOU'RE ON.
Crow: SERIOUSLY, YUSEI,
WHY ARE WE OUT HERE?
JACK IS FINE, TRUST ME.
HUH?
ARE YOU SURE?
UH, NO.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
A DUEL.
JACK!
HELLO, BOYS.
WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING FOR YOU.
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
Marco: WHERE ARE
YOU TAKING ME?
WHAT DO I CARE
ABOUT SOME DUEL?
HE'S HERE.
MARCO?!
HUH? WHAT'S THIS?
THE GUYS?
BUT WHY?
PIERO!
[SINISTER CHUCKLE]
REMEMBER, I WIN
AND I GET YOU'RE YOUR LEGENDARY
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND CARD
AND YOUR DUEL RUNNER
TO BOOT!
HUH!
DON'T YOU WORRY,
I REMEMBER.
WHAT'D WE WALK INTO?
SOME HIGH STAKES,
THAT'S WHAT.
JACK'S DUELING
DON PIERO
FOR THE FREEDOM
OF ALL THOSE
IN HIS DEBT.
HUH?
NO, JACK,
YOU CAN'T!
THAT CARD AND
YOUR RUNNER,
I KNOW HOW MUCH
THEY MEAN TO YOU!
THEY MEAN NOTHING, MARCO.
NOT WHEN YOU PUT IT UP AGAINST
A PERSON'S WISH.
HUH? A WISH?
WHICH IS WHY I'M
WISHING ON THIS DECK...
Both: LET'S DUEL!
TAKE THIS JERK DOWN,
JACK!
I'LL START OFF! AH!
AND FIRST, I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
UPSTART GOBLIN!
NOW I GET TO DRAW
AN EXTRA CARD
FROM MY DECK
AND YOU GET AN EXTRA
1,000 LIFE POINTS!
HUH?
WHY'S HE GIVING
JACK EXTRA POINTS?
BECAUSE I HAPPEN TO BE
A VERY NICE GUY.
WHY IN FACT, HE CAN HAVE
ALL THE LIFE POINTS
THAT HE CARES TO BORROW!
HMM.
JACK CAN'T
TRUST HIM!
IT'S A TRAP.
HE'S GOT SOMETHING
UP HIS SLEEVE, I KNOW IT!
JUST RELAX.
I'M NO FOOL.
REALLY? 'CAUSE I JUST
PLAYED YOU FOR ONE!
I SPECIAL SUMMON
NEFARIOUS TRADER!
SINCE YOU HAVE MORE
ATTACK POINTS THAN ME,
I'M ALLOWED
TO BRING HIM OUT!
NEXT, I'LL BRING OUT
TOICHI THE NEFARIOUS
DEBT COLLECTOR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
GRR!
AND THEN I'LL PLACE ONE
FACEDOWN TO END MY TURN.
NOW, THEN, HOW ABOUT
REPAYING THOSE LIFE POINTS
I LOANED YOU, FRIEND?
WE'RE NOT FRIENDS,
YOU BLOODSUCKER!
MY TURN!
UH...
FIRST, SINCE YOU ALREADY
HAVE TWO MONSTERS OUT,
I CAN SUMMON THIS CHAP
WITHOUT HAVING TO
RELEASE A THING!
COME ON OUT,
POWER INVADER!
GRR!
SO YOU'RE REALLY
NOT GOING TO REPAY
THOSE LIFE POINTS, EH?
FINE,
BUT YOU ASKED FOR IT!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
ENDLESS LOAN!
THIS MAKES IT SO THAT
WHEN YOU SUMMON A MONSTER,
I CAN SUMMON A LOAN TOKEN
ON YOUR FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE!
WHAT IS A LOAN TOKEN?!
SURE IS UGLY!
SINCE YOU REFUSED
TO PAY ME BACK THE
LIFE POINTS I LENT YOU,
I'VE DECIDED
TO TAKE THEM BACK!
ACTUALLY,
MY DEBT COLLECTOR TOICHI
WILL BE THE ONE
DOING THE TAKING.
AND FOR EVERY LOAN TOKEN
HE TAKES OFF YOUR FIELD,
TOICHI DEALS YOU
1,000 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
1,000?!
AND THAT'S
PER LOAN TOKEN?!
OH, AND THERE'S NO USE
IN ATTACKING TOICHI.
HUH?
AFTER ALL, SO LONG
AS THERE'S A LOAN TOKEN
OUT ON THE FIELD,
MY DEBT COLLECTOR CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
OF COURSE, YOU CAN DESTROY
A LOAN TOKEN YOURSELF,
BUT IT'LL COST YOU A CARD
FROM YOU HAND!
THE WAY PIERO
MAKES IT SOUND,
THE ONLY WAY JACK
WILL STAND A CHANCE
TO WIN THIS DUEL
IS BY GETTING RID
OF HIS CARDS.
QUICK, JACK!
YOU GOTTA DO WHAT PIERO SAYS
OR YOU'RE GONNA END UP
TAKING SOME MAJOR DAMAGE!
YOU MAY BE RIGHT,
BUT I DON'T DO BUSINESS
WITH BULLIES LIKE HIM.
NOW, POWER INVADER,
ATTACK THAT NEFARIOUS TRADER!
OH!
All: PIERO!
YEAH!
WAY TO GO, JACK!
TAKE IT RIGHT TO HIM!
WHAT YOU SHOULD'VE TAKEN
WAS MARCO'S ADVICE.
BUT SINCE YOU DECIDED
NOT TO,
YOU'RE DEEPER IN DEBT.
BECAUSE WHEN NEFARIOUS TRADER
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
ANOTHER LOAN TOKEN
IS SUMMONED ONTO YOUR FIELD!
HUH!
NOW HE'S GOT TWO TOKENS!
AND IF JACK SUMMONS
ANY MONSTERS,
HE'LL ONLY GET MORE
OF THEM.
SO THEN WHAT'S
HE SUPPOSED TO DO?
SIMPLE!
HE SHOULD DO SOME BUSINESS
WITH ME AND PAY A CARD!
JACK, JUST PAY!
OTHERWISE,
NEXT ROUND YOU'LL--
Jack: I REFUSE!
I PLAY TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN!
FINE,
REFUSE TO PAY A CARD.
INSTEAD I'M JUST GOING
TO MAKE YOU PAY THE PRICE.
AND A VERY HEFTY PRICE
IT'S GOING TO BE!
I EQUIP THE SPELL
ILLEGAL BUSINESS PRACTICES
ONTO TOICHI THE NEFARIOUS
DEBT COLLECTOR!
THIS DOUBLES
ALL EFFECT DAMAGES!
WAIT...
THEN WITH
TWO TOKENS OUT,
THE DAMAGE JACK'S
GONNA TAKE WILL BE...
A LOT!
TIME TO COLLECT
OUR DEBT, TOICHI!
♪ ♪
IT'S TIME YOU GAVE DON PIERO
SOME RESPECT!!
AND BY RESPECT I MEAN 4,000
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
UH!
JACK!
OH, NO!
JUST FACE IT, JACK.
IF YOU WANT TO SAVE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS,
YOU'LL DO AS I SAY!
HE'S RIGHT, JACK!
JUST GIVE UP
SOME OF YOUR CARDS!
NO WAY!
I'M NOT GOING TO
PLAY BY HIS RULES!
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND FIRST,
BY SENDING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I'M GOING TO SUMMON
THIS MONSTER!
COME OUT!
SMILE KID!
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN THE MONSTER CARD SMILE KID
IS DESTROYED BY A CARD EFFECT,
YOU CAN SUMMON ONE SMILE ANGEL
FROM YOUR DECK ONTO THE FIELD.
BUT SMILE KID?
THAT'S MY CARD!
AH, THAT WAS
AN EXCELLENT MOVE, JACK,
EXCELLENT FOR ME,
THAT IS!
BECAUSE NOW
ENDLESS LOAN ACTIVATES!
WHICH MEANS ANOTHER LOAN TOKEN
WILL APPEAR ON YOUR FIELD.
OH! THAT MAKES
THREE NOW!
COME ON, JACK!
YOU CAN'T OWE ANYMORE!
JUST GIVE UP SOME CARDS
FROM YOUR HAND!
OH, I WILL,
BUT NOT FOR PIERO!
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP COMPULSORY
RECOIL DEVICE!
NOW BY SENDING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN RETURN ONE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD TO MY HAND!
NEXT, I'LL SEND
ANOTHER CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVE
AND RE-SUMMON
SMILE KID!
WHAT? ALL THAT
TO SUMMON OUT
THE SAME MONSTER?
HERE COMES
ANOTHER TOKEN...
OH, MAYBE NOT...
OH, RIGHT!
SINCE JACK'S FIELD
IS FULL,
NO MORE MONSTERS
CAN FIT ON IT!
ALL RIGHT, YOU FOOL,
I HOPE THAT YOU'RE QUITE HAPPY
WITH YOURSELF.
YOU GOT RID OF YOUR CARDS
ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
BUT WHAT DID YOU PROVE?
TOICHI IS STILL
GOING TO TAKE OUT
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
NEXT ROUND!
IT'S DONE!
YOU'VE LOST!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS...
YOUR RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
AND YOUR DUEL RUNNER
NOW BOTH BELONG TO ME,
THE GREAT DON PIERO!
[CRAZED LAUGHTER]
JACK...
NOT JUST YET.
HUH?
GO TIME.
I PLAY ZERO HOLE! GO!
ZERO HOLE?
WITH ZERO HOLE,
IF JACK HAS NO
CARDS IN HIS HAND,
THEN ALL CARDS ON THE
FIELD ARE DESTROYED.
SAY WHAT?!
ALL OF THE CARDS?!
OH, SO THEN THAT'S
WHY JACK WAS DISCARDING
FROM HIS HAND!
UH-HUH.
AH! AH!
AND KNOWING JACK LIKE I DO,
HE'S NOT DONE YET.
NEXT I ACTIVATE
SMILE KID'S ABILITY!
AND NOW THAT
I HAVE SMILE ANGEL
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN TURN MARCO'S
FROWN UPSIDE DOWN.
HA!
1,800 ATTACK POINTS?!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
AND THAT'S ENOUGH
TO TAKE YOU DOWN!
AAH!
YOUR SMILE
IS SO DISARMING!
AAH!
WHOO-HOO!
YEAH!
All: PIERO!
NO, THIS ISN'T
HAPPENING!
THE DON NEVER LOSES
A DUEL!
YOU LOST MORE
THAN JUST THAT.
A DEAL'S A DEAL.
NOW HAND OVER THOSE
CONTRACTS RIGHT NOW.
RUN!!!
AH!
NOW YOU AND ANYONE ELSE THAT
WAS IN PIERO'S DEBT IS FREE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, JACK.
AND DON'T FORGET
THESE.
THE CARDS I WISHED ON.
GEE, I DON'T KNOW.
I HEARD YOU WHEN
YOU MADE THAT WISH...
I KNOW IT'S YOUR DREAM
TO BECOME A DUELIST.
AND I ALSO KNOW
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH
HARD TIMES...
HELPING YOUR FAMILY,
YOUR MOM BEING SICK...
BUT THAT'S WHY YOU
MUST FOLLOW YOUR DREAM,
SO YOU CAN MAKE
THEM PROUD.
YA THINK SO?
I KNOW SO.
AND I'M SURE
ONE DAY WE'LL MEET
ON THE DUEL FIELD.
THANKS.
GO GET 'EM!
WELL, JACK SURE
PROVED ME WRONG.
TALK ABOUT DOING
SOMETHING OF USE!
YEAH,
BIG TIME.
[THUD]
Cafe owner:
YOU'RE USELESS!
OH, YEAH?
WELL, YOU CAN'T FIRE ME
BECAUSE I QUIT!
JACK! WAIT!
YOU PEOPLE ARE CRAZY.
I DID EVERYTHING THAT YOU SAID!
YOU THINK
CLEARING DISHES
MEANS TOSSING THEM
TO THE FLOOR? AHH.
I THINK I'LL JUST
LET CARLY HAVE YOU.
AW, MAN.
I GUESS I BETTER
PICK UP A DOUBLE
SHIFT TONIGHT.
HUH.
AHH.